README.md, before:

# ALL XFR

### AXFR all the things!

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/164192/69487828-764bc280-0e15-11ea-8f67-41dd27ac32d8.jpg" width="400" height="300">

This tool performs a [zone transfer (AXFR)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNS_zone_transfer) against the root zone servers to obtain the [root zone file](https://www.iana.org/domains/root/files). And then attempts opportunistic zone transfers for every IP for every nameserver for a given zone. Additionally, each NS/A/AAAA record is also re-queried to find additional servers or IPs not included as root glue.

Most zones do not allow zone transfers, however a few do. Sometimes only on a single IP for a given nameserver and not the others, and sometimes only for servers or IPs that are authorative but not incluided in the root zones. This tool will try them all and save every successful transfer.

This tool works best on an IPv4/IPv6 dual stack internet connection.

Providing a zone file with the `-zonefile` flag will attempt a transfer with the domains and sub-domains in the zone file provided.

## Example

```
./allxfr -out zones
2019/11/23 17:26:23 ROOT xfr size: 22091 records (envelopes 77)
2019/11/23 17:26:25 sj. server.nordu.net. (193.10.252.19) xfr size: 15 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:25 sj. server.nordu.net. (2001:948:4:2::19) xfr size: 15 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:26 cv. cv01.dns.pt. (2a04:6d80::18) xfr size: 5954 records (envelopes 13)
2019/11/23 17:26:26 cv. cv01.dns.pt. (185.39.208.18) xfr size: 5954 records (envelopes 13)
2019/11/23 17:26:26 xn--ogbpf8fl. ns1.tld.sy. (82.137.200.85) xfr size: 251 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:32 mw. chambo.sdnp.org.mw. (41.221.99.135) xfr size: 3614 records (envelopes 3)
2019/11/23 17:26:32 mw. domwe.sdn.mw. (41.87.5.162) xfr size: 3614 records (envelopes 3)
2019/11/23 17:26:32 mw. domwe.sdn.mw. (196.45.190.9) xfr size: 3614 records (envelopes 3)
2019/11/23 17:26:38 er. sawanew.noc.net.er. (196.200.96.1) xfr size: 26 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:38 er. zaranew.noc.net.er. (196.200.96.2) xfr size: 42 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:42 tj. ns2.tojikiston.com. (193.111.11.4) 
 ..........
... SNIP ...
 ..........
2019/11/23 17:27:41 mr. ns-mr.nic.tn. (41.228.63.70) xfr size: 1894 records (envelopes 4)
2019/11/23 17:28:37 xn--90ae. d.nic.bg. (194.0.32.1) xfr size: 7121 records (envelopes 7)
2019/11/23 17:28:37 xn--90ae. d.nic.bg. (2001:678:3c::1) xfr size: 7121 records (envelopes 7)
2019/11/23 17:28:38 bd. surma.btcl.net.bd. (203.112.194.232) xfr size: 52 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:28:48 ao. ns02.dns.ao. (197.149.149.11) xfr size: 2179 records (envelopes 2)
2019/11/23 17:28:51 rw. ns1.ricta.org.rw. (196.49.7.188) xfr size: 7607 records (envelopes 6)
2019/11/23 17:28:51 rw. ns3.ricta.org.rw. (41.138.85.98) xfr size: 7607 records (envelopes 6)
2019/11/23 17:28:59 pg. ns1.tiare.net.pg. (202.165.192.23) xfr size: 5132 records (envelopes 12)
2019/11/23 17:29:13 sv. cir.red.sv. (168.243.254.1) xfr size: 22159 records (envelopes 16)
```

## Usage

```
Usage of ./allxfr:
  -ns string
    	nameserver to use to get the root, if not set system default is used, may contain port
  -out string
    	directory to save found zones in (default ".")
  -parallel uint
    	number of parallel zone transfers to perform (default 10)
  -verbose
    	enable verbose output
  -zonefile string
    	use the provided zonefile instead of getting the root zonefile
```

## Building

```
go build
```

Commit message:

updated readme, modules, and unbound

README.md, after:

# ALL XFR

### AXFR all the things!

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/164192/69487828-764bc280-0e15-11ea-8f67-41dd27ac32d8.jpg" width="400" height="300">

This tool performs a [zone transfer (AXFR)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNS_zone_transfer) against the root zone servers to obtain the [root zone file](https://www.iana.org/domains/root/files). And then attempts opportunistic zone transfers for every IP for every nameserver for a given zone. Additionally, each NS/A/AAAA record is also re-queried to find additional servers or IPs not included as root glue.

Most zones do not allow zone transfers, however a few do. Sometimes only on a single IP for a given nameserver and not the others, and sometimes only for servers or IPs that are authorative but not incluided in the root zones. This tool will try them all and save every successful transfer.

This tool works best on an IPv4/IPv6 dual stack internet connection.

Providing a zone file with the `-zonefile` flag will attempt a transfer with the domains and sub-domains in the zone file provided.

## Running with a resolver

When running allxfr with a fully recursive caching resolver like BIND/named or Unbound additional zones may be found. You can enable this behavior with the `-ns` flag.

An example Docker configureation for Unbound is provided in the `unbound/` directory, and can be build with `make docker-unbound` and run with `make run-unbound`.


## Example

```
./allxfr -out zones
2019/11/23 17:26:23 ROOT xfr size: 22091 records (envelopes 77)
2019/11/23 17:26:25 sj. server.nordu.net. (193.10.252.19) xfr size: 15 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:25 sj. server.nordu.net. (2001:948:4:2::19) xfr size: 15 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:26 cv. cv01.dns.pt. (2a04:6d80::18) xfr size: 5954 records (envelopes 13)
2019/11/23 17:26:26 cv. cv01.dns.pt. (185.39.208.18) xfr size: 5954 records (envelopes 13)
2019/11/23 17:26:26 xn--ogbpf8fl. ns1.tld.sy. (82.137.200.85) xfr size: 251 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:32 mw. chambo.sdnp.org.mw. (41.221.99.135) xfr size: 3614 records (envelopes 3)
2019/11/23 17:26:32 mw. domwe.sdn.mw. (41.87.5.162) xfr size: 3614 records (envelopes 3)
2019/11/23 17:26:32 mw. domwe.sdn.mw. (196.45.190.9) xfr size: 3614 records (envelopes 3)
2019/11/23 17:26:38 er. sawanew.noc.net.er. (196.200.96.1) xfr size: 26 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:38 er. zaranew.noc.net.er. (196.200.96.2) xfr size: 42 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:26:42 tj. ns2.tojikiston.com. (193.111.11.4) 
 ..........
... SNIP ...
 ..........
2019/11/23 17:27:41 mr. ns-mr.nic.tn. (41.228.63.70) xfr size: 1894 records (envelopes 4)
2019/11/23 17:28:37 xn--90ae. d.nic.bg. (194.0.32.1) xfr size: 7121 records (envelopes 7)
2019/11/23 17:28:37 xn--90ae. d.nic.bg. (2001:678:3c::1) xfr size: 7121 records (envelopes 7)
2019/11/23 17:28:38 bd. surma.btcl.net.bd. (203.112.194.232) xfr size: 52 records (envelopes 1)
2019/11/23 17:28:48 ao. ns02.dns.ao. (197.149.149.11) xfr size: 2179 records (envelopes 2)
2019/11/23 17:28:51 rw. ns1.ricta.org.rw. (196.49.7.188) xfr size: 7607 records (envelopes 6)
2019/11/23 17:28:51 rw. ns3.ricta.org.rw. (41.138.85.98) xfr size: 7607 records (envelopes 6)
2019/11/23 17:28:59 pg. ns1.tiare.net.pg. (202.165.192.23) xfr size: 5132 records (envelopes 12)
2019/11/23 17:29:13 sv. cir.red.sv. (168.243.254.1) xfr size: 22159 records (envelopes 16)
```

## Usage

```
Usage of ./allxfr:
  -ns string
        nameserver to use for manualy querying of records not in zone file
  -out string
        directory to save found zones in (default "zones")
  -parallel uint
        number of parallel zone transfers to perform (default 10)
  -save-all
        attempt AXFR from every nameserfer for a given zone and save all answers
  -verbose
        enable verbose output
  -zonefile string
        use the provided zonefile instead of getting the root zonefile
```

## Building

```
go build
```
